>> All right, folks.
Thank you for coming.
We're going to have a nice
little intimate event here.
First of all, I don't
look at these workshops
the way most of the speakers do.
It's not another lecture.
Please come to the front.
If you're here to listen,
please come on up to the front.
Because they're going to be
spraying in the back later.
[LAUGHTER]
>> That's a lot of chemtrails.
>> To me, you're paying extra
to come and hang out with me,
above the regular.
And so in my view,
this is your time.
And so as we go forward,
this is unlimited Q&A. Ask
a question anytime you want.
If I'm looking down at the
computer, just say question.
If I'm looking up,
just raise your hand.
Even in the middle
of a clip, if you
feel the need to ask a
question, I'll stop the clip.
All right?
We can have all the
interaction you want.
We're good till 7:30.
But we are the last one of the
night, so if things are rocking
and we want to go a little
bit later, we can, I think.
I think the crew probably
wants to go home.
But we might be able to squeeze
15, 20 minutes out of them.
So we'll get that
out of the way.
Now I have a confession to make.
I feel a little
shame about this.
But I really haven't
said this before.
But I think this is
the time to do it.
I've never been to Mars.
I haven't been to the moon.
I've never teleported anywhere.
I have never time traveled.
I've never been age regressed.
And yet, here I am.
Right?
And here you are.
I appreciate your coming.
My job is fairly boring.
It's politics,
which as you know,
has been extremely
popular of late.
But it's activist politics,
exopolitical activism,
disclosure activism.
It's a simple thing.
The government has been
misrepresenting the ET reality
for 70 years for its reasons.
And the reasons for
that are not too bad.
But finally, it
just got ridiculous.
Meanwhile, the world started
going to hell in a handbasket
unless you're extremely
rich, of which I'm
pretty sure none of you are.
And the whole disconnect
between government secrecy
and their little
private secret world
and what the hell
we're dealing with here
is now becoming intolerable.
Plus the fact that almost
everybody in the world
knows there's extraterrestrials,
either out there
or here already.
And so the lie is
becoming more than a joke.
It's becoming a
bizarre kabuki theater.
So it needs to end.
And I entered the field
in '96 to help end it
by engaging the
politics of this.
Because while I was
working up at John Mack's
little organization
in Cambridge,
it came to me in a flash--
I don't think I
was on anything--
that the problem is not science.
It's not about that at all.
We got evidence.
We got evidence piled
up on top of evidence.
It's not science.
It should have been resolved.
Should've been out in the open.
Why wasn't it?
Politics-- it was a
political decision
made that we don't care
how much science you have,
Dr. Hynek, Dr.
McDonald, Mr. Keyhoe.
Doesn't matter-- they don't
exist, politically speaking.
They don't exist.
That's the way it is.
And if you want to start
off a course at a college,
it'll probably become
uncomfortable for you.
If you want to give
out inside information,
we'll make your life tough.
There'll be laughs.
There'll be giggles.
You might lose a job.
We're not going to kill you.
This isn't Stalinist
Soviet Union or anything.
We're Americans, moral
high ground and all that--
not too many got killed.
But we're really
good at what we do,
which is intel, co-intel,
propaganda, and all that.
Because we had to be.
We were up against
other countries
with intel, and
propaganda, and co-intel.
And we had to be good at it.
And then those tools
became available.
It's, like, well, if we've
got a problem here in the US
with some fine
American citizens,
maybe we should use those
tools, too, on them.
And they did.
And so it's 2019.
And this ludicrous
lie continues.
While all of the other
dysfunctions on this planet
continue and rage on.
And nothing is getting done.
People are suffering, dying.
Countries are collapsing.
All right?
And yet tomorrow, every
single person on the planet
could learn they're not
alone in the universe,
that there's
extraterrestrials here.
And the implications
of that are staggering.
The future is unlimited.
And who knows?
But no, they don't know that.
You know that the US--
what do you call
it, not deficit--
debt is $22 trillion.
You know that right?
You're well aware of that.
The national debt is a trillion.
I mean, the debt this year was
over a trillion over budget.
And everything else is wrong.
You knew all that.
But you don't know officially
there's extraterrestrial life.
So that's the deal.
It's not exciting.
It's not dramatic.
It's not sexy.
It doesn't have a
lot of charisma.
It's about getting
politicians to do something,
which a lot of people believe
cannot even be done anymore.
Right?
It's getting politicians
to say something
that you will actually
believe, which a lot of people
feel doesn't even
happen anymore.
All right?
All right.
So here we are.
So what I'm going to do is we're
going to talk about history.
History is an interesting thing.
It happens, we know, because
we read about it in school.
Well, some of us did.
I didn't like history class.
I had ADDH.
I still do.
But later I learned
a little bit.
And I learned that
history is fantastic
and extraordinary
things happened.
But you know, at the
time they're happening,
most of the people
don't know it.
It's in real time.
It's kind of happening
sort of around them.
They don't know.
They don't realize
what's going down.
Not always-- I
think, as the Civil
War got going, most
of the people that
were kind of in the middle
of that were thinking, yeah,
some history going on here,
though they would never
know the full scope of it.
Alexander conquered
most of the world
from the Mediterranean
east to India.
And not a single person in
South America knew he existed.
So this is the way it is.
And the point I'm
going to make here
is that history is happening
right now at a huge level.
But I don't think too
many of you know it.
Right?
And so I'm going to try
to talk about that--
and again, anytime a question.
Paradigm Research
Group, that's me.
That's my website,
ParadigmResearchGroup.org.
You can subscribe to
my newsletter there.
And that newsletter--
it's an update list.
It's free.
Huge site, tons of stuff on it--
just letting you know
what's coming up.
"Ancient Aliens" has
already indicated
to me they're going
to do another two hour
disclosure based "Ancient
Aliens" later this year.
They were going to do it early,
but they decided to put it off
because big things
are in the works.
So Ancient Aliens
two hour series,
I think it's going
to be called--
two hour episode, "The
Disclosure Countdown"--
music to my ears.
And I will be on that.
Me in my second
"Ancient Alien" show--
I'm now an alumnus.
Yes, sir?
>> Do you they could
possibly have been, like,
tapped to help with disclosure?
>> Tapped?
>> Like, yeah, like,
by the government.
>> No.
No.
There's plenty of
motivation for Hollywood
to jump into this
with both feet.
They don't need the government
tapping them at all.
And the government knows that.
And doing that kind of thing
just exposes your situation.
You don't want to be doing it.
But we're so glad
they're doing it.
Feel free to come to
the front, please.
In fact, it's necessary.
They're back
there's been tested.
It is not fit to breathe.
All right.
And so the other thing
is "Ancient Aliens"
and the History Channel launched
a cross between Comic-Con
and a UFO conference
called AlienCon.
Right?
And they have the ability
to promote it extensively,
because "Ancient Aliens" runs,
as you know, what 50, 60 times
a week--
in fact, all day every Friday.
[LAUGHTER] Isn't that cool?
And so they can advertise.
And they do.
Now the first one was
up in the San Francisco
area, Santa Clarita.
I think they had 5,000.
And then they did
Pasadena late last year--
AlienCon Pasadena, at the
convention center in Pasadena,
8,000.
And then they went to
AlienCon Baltimore.
This was late last
year, and 10,000
at the Baltimore Convention
Center, Pasadena Convention
Center.
And so now they're
ready to go big time.
And so end of June, AlienCon
will be held at the Los Angeles
Convention Center, one
of the biggest convention
centers in the world.
And I predict there'll be
20,000 to 25,000 people there
for a UFO conference
with some cosplay.
And you can get photos with
Richard Dolan, all right?
[LAUGHTER]
That gives you a sense of
what's going on here, all right?
Meanwhile, History
just launched a series
called "Project
Blue Book", which
is going to make J. Allen
Hynek a household name.
It's just been picked up
for the second season.
And they have some
more in the works.
It's going to be aliens
all the time, folks.
But will we get disclosure?
Or are we just going to get that
and for more "Avatar" sequels?
Which, by the way, have already
been in the can in New Zealand.
They're done--
Cameron-- all four.
And they will be coming out
over the next three years.
And everyone will make a billion
and a half, two billion bucks.
But will we get disclosure?
Look, I love entertainment,
like anybody.
But I really don't think I need
to be entertained to death.
I'd like to have some
entertainment mixed
in with some truth about my
government and my country.
So there's that.
I will be at the
Sonoma Film Festival,
which is one of the coolest
film festivals of all time.
It's the end of this month--
no, next month,
March 27 to March 31.
UFO Symposium is all free.
If you like wine and great food,
join us up there in Sonoma.
I will be at Contact In The
Desert May 31 to June 3.
Probably going to be 4,000
at that one, very possible,
in Indian Wells, which is
basically Palm Springs.
And then I will be
at the AlienCon.
And then in August I will be at
the Alien Expo, the first UFO
conference in the
history of Tennessee.
And it will be at the
Knoxville Convention Center.
So even Tennessee
is going big time.
And so come on out
to Tennessee, folks.
I'm looking forward to that.
We're going to be talking
about To The Stars Academy.
How many people know
what the To The Stars
Academy of Arts and Science is?
>> I know.
>> Not many-- good,
good, good, good--
and what the focus is on
that, but we're approaching it
from kind of a
political perspective,
it is the most important event
or development in the history
of the disclosure movement.
I pretty much felt,
up until recently,
that the citizen
hearing on disclosure
was the most important event in
the history of the disclosure
movement.
Not simply because I put
it together and organized
it-- no, no, no, no,
no, no, but because it
was pretty important.
But no, not now--
they are number one.
What they're doing is
the most important.
And the timeline-- and we'll
get to the particulars.
But the timeline
is a young fellow
by the name of Tom DeLonge,
who is a millennial rock
star, sold 30 million records.
And he started
meeting with people
inside the military intelligence
complex sometime in 2015.
We don't know exactly when.
All right?
And none of that was known.
But the beginning of this
history that I'm talking about
starts here, March 27, 2016.
This is when we first
learned publicly
that something is going on.
And we learn it
because George Knapp,
who had been working with Tom
DeLonge-- he's a journalist.
But he's aware of Tom DeLonge.
They're talking.
George Knapp brings him
on "Coast to Coast AM"
Sunday night when George hosts
the show and interviews him.
But this is no interview.
George Knapp basically was doing
this as an historical moment,
and he sort of knew it.
But he couldn't say it.
And this is when it all starts.
Now what I have done is I've
gone through the entire four
hour show.
And I'm going to
select out some clips.
comment on these clips.
And they're in chronological
order to the show.
But I couldn't rearrange
them so somehow they
were in chronological
order otherwise.
But it's OK.
It's OK.
It'll just make it
more interesting.
And so I'm doing
this so that you
can hear the beginning of this
history, when it starts, right?
Because I think
very few of you--
has anybody heard that
March George Knapp show?
Two!
Good.
All right.
OK.
So we're talking maybe
what, 8% of the population?
That means that
we're going to have
to do a lot more conferences.
All right.
So here we go, ba da bing.
I'm going to-- and
there is George,
and there is Tom DeLonge.
I'm now going to
go over here and--
oh, wait a minute-- and
I'm going to do this.
OK.
And then I'm going to do this.
This will speed up
as we get going here.
>> Good evening, everyone.
You're in the right
place at the right time.
This is "Coast to
Coast AM", blasting out
of the Mojave Desert
like a scirocco blazing
across the land.
>> He's got a great opening,
if you're interested in that.
>> Something that people will be
talking about for a long time,
the kind of program
that tomorrow,
you and your friends
around the water cooler,
you'll be asking each other,
what did you think about that?
Did you hear that?
What the?
If you follow the UFO
topic long enough,
you start to see
cycles, stuff that
comes in predictable waves.
And long ago, it used to
be the saucers themselves.
They'd suddenly flood the skies
in waves all over the world.
In more recent years, it's
been waves of stories,
sometimes disinformation,
anticipation,
predictions of
imminent disclosure.
Yeah, any minute now we're going
to roll open the hangar doors
and let us see the
recovered alien spacecraft.
Family tours of Area 51--
bring mom, bring the kids, toss
grandpa in the station wagon.
Head out to Groom Lake
to see the alien bodies
in formaldehyde.
And then, months drag on.
Years go by.
Nothing happens.
Then someone else
starts leaking the story
that the big announcement
is just around the corner.
We've been through
it a few times.
A couple of times when
this has happened,
when the buzz has been building
up to a near crescendo,
it was done on purpose
to mess with our heads,
to confuse the Russians,
maybe, to watch and learn
how information spreads
in the digital age,
or for other purposes maybe
we can't even imagine.
A few times the buzz was
started by presidents
or presidential candidates.
Jimmy Carter promised
to open up the UFO files
if he got elected,
because he'd seen one.
Ronald Reagan, who also
had a UFO experience,
talked about aliens in
five different speeches,
including one he made
to the United Nations.
Bill Clinton made no secret
of his interest in the topic.
He sent one of his
closest friends to Area 51
to find out what was up.
And his wife Hillary,
first lady at the time,
met with Lawrence Rockefeller.
Their White House
Chief of Staff,
a guy named John Podesta,
has been widely quoted
for years now talking about
his personal interest in UFOs,
finding and releasing
the UFO files.
I don't know if you can hear it.
But the buzz is building again.
Mrs. Clinton, whether
you believe it or not,
she is running for president.
She's probably going
to get the nomination.
She made comments to a
reporter a couple of months ago
and then to Jimmy
Kimmel a few nights ago
saying she wants to locate and
open whatever UFO files exist.
Whether you believe
it or not, it
is remarkable that we have a
major presidential candidate
talking about this
during the campaign.
I mentioned last week
that I had aired a TV news
story based on an interview
with John Podesta.
In which Podesta was saying
basically the same thing
as his candidate,
Secretary Clinton,
about finding and
releasing the UFO files.
That story was picked
up all over the world,
repackaged and
reported, re-reported.
Maybe you heard our
colleague Linda Howe
telling her audiences
that 2016 is
going to be a big year about
revelations on this topic.
Late last year, a panel
of former CIA employees
openly talked about Area 51.
And it wasn't that long ago that
agency and the military both
pretended there is no
base out there at all.
It's nonexistent.
Then they denied it was
ever called Area 51.
Now they're having
open discussions
in the public at
museums about some
of the programs carried out
there in secrecy in the desert.
It's an amazing turnaround.
Earlier this year, when
"The X Files" TV series
returned to television,
the CIA and the FBI
both made a point of telling
the public, hey, go online.
Check out our UFO files.
We got it posted
there-- documents
that have been released under
the Freedom of Information Act.
And there are other
signs, other benchmarks
that we will discuss tonight.
It makes you wonder
what's going on here.
And into the middle
of this buzz,
comes Tom DeLonge, a rock star,
seemingly an improbable UFO
messiah.
Could Tom DeLonge
do what generations
of UFO researchers, scientists,
government insiders,
and whistleblowers
have been unable to do?
Tell the story, dig
out the real story,
and tell it in a way that
has not been told before--
how to make sense out
of the alleged cover
up, why it started, how
it's been maintained.
But also to understand
who the visitors are,
or more precisely,
who the "others" are.
And I'm using air quotes
around the "others."
That's the term used by
some of the high level
sources developed by
musician Tom DeLonge.
The story of how he
got to where he is
and what he has learned
so far should be a movie.
And maybe it will be a movie.
But over the next four hours,
we're going to hear this tale.
How he started down
this unlikely road,
the dramatic business decision
he made about a year ago,
changing the
direction of his life
and his fortune, and
the amazing series,
or chain of events, which
have led Tom from one insider
to another to another,
stitching together
an informal network
of like-minded people
who now seem to want the
public to know the story.
If you think you
know how it works
or why it's been handled this
way, hold onto your seats.
Because the tale you're going
to hear tonight will turn things
upside down.
>> You have to admit that is
one hell of an introduction,
isn't it?
>> Yeah.
>> George is good at that.
He's very, very sharp.
He's a top investigative
journalist.
He's kept his job in spite
of all of his ET interests
over the years.
He's locked in at
KLAS-TV in Las Vegas.
But a couple of quick comments--
it is always the case
that when the youth arrive
at the issues of our
time and take them over,
they have a tendency to
forget that anybody else was
doing anything about it for
whatever years previous.
Right?
It's their issue.
And that is the way it is.
And one either deals
with that or they don't.
but that's the way it goes.
I was young once,
I vaguely recall.
The other thing I want
to mention is this--
I haven't heard from
George in about two years.
And I don't know why.
It bothers me.
But he was amazed that Clinton
was talking about the ET issue
and that Podesta was
talking about the ET issue.
How many of you
heard one or more
of those comments
when she talked
about it on Kimmel or
Podesta, Obama, and so forth?
OK.
What George has never
talked to me about
is the fact that the reason
that they were doing that
is because I forced them to.
I'm going to toot my horn
here at least a little bit.
They didn't want
to talk about it.
But essentially, I went back
to Washington in November 2014,
delivered the entire "Citizen
Hearing on Disclosure"
DVD set with the Podesta
testimony or the Rockefeller
initiative testimony and
the Clinton connection
to every member of Congress.
And started-- and
then got my publicist,
and we started hitting
the media up to say,
this is a story here.
You got the leading
candidate for president.
And she's got a connection
to the ET issue.
Her husband does.
Podesta does, right?
There's all this evidence.
It's always been out there.
And they got it.
They go, yeah, this is a story.
And before the
election took place,
400 articles were written
about the connection
between the Clinton
team and the ET issue--
400.
Nothing had ever happened
like that before,
not even remotely that close.
And the reason that happened is
because once you get reporters
into a story--
and I was working at one
point on a source relationship
with 40, 42 of them--
when they do a
story, naturally they
want to call up the
people in the story
and get their comments.
And so they were calling
Clinton's office,
and they were calling
Podesta's office, and saying,
would you comment on this?
Or at least they were
saying it to the secretary,
because they never
got an answer back.
There was no way the
Clinton team could
respond to those questions.
Because they knew
if they got in a Q&A
with "The New York Times"
reporter about some
of these articles, then it
would escalate really fast,
and the whole thing
would blow sky high.
And what she wanted
to do is one,
she wanted to be president.
She fully intended to force the
disclosure out, as president.
But she didn't want to talk
about it during the campaign,
because she was afraid she
might lose by talking about ETs.
Well, she was wrong on that.
But I understand why
they thought that way.
And so what Podesta
had to do is devise
a kind of carefully regulated,
controlled situation
where they could
say something here
or something there, but
not get into a Q&A dialogue
with Amy Chozick of
"The New York Times."
And it started on
February the 13th
when he put out the infamous
tweet from the White House
as he walked out the door to
become her campaign manager.
That was his first response
to these stories and reporters
calling them all through
December and January of 2015.
And his tweet was from the
soon-to-be campaign chairman
of the presidential
campaign of Hillary Clinton,
and leaving as an advisor
to the current president--
this is high level stuff, folks.
His tweet was my
biggest regret of 2014
is, once again, not getting
hashtag disclosure of the UFO
files.
Careful tweet, no Q&A, and
then it went from there.
And I did that.
Nobody knew, because
it was all being
done behind the
scenes in Washington.
And my job was to
get that done, not
to go out and tell
everybody I'm doing it.
That's OK.
I was happy as hell.
Because everything
that was happening
was exactly what we expected.
We thought maybe
the story would blow
and the Obama
administration would
be forced to cut a deal
with the White House--
I mean, with the
Pentagon and disclose.
And we'd get it
then, no problemo.
But she was able to
work her way through.
Podesta is a very smart guy.
And it looked like
she was going to take
the White House, in
which case the press was
going to be all over.
400 stories, nine or 11
times they talked about it
in the campaign?
She takes the White
House, and the press
is going to not talk
to her about, well,
what's about this ET thing?
She wanted to be the first woman
president and the disclosure
president and there would be
a statue to her on the mall.
She would go down as one of
the greatest political leaders
of all time.
Unfortunately, she lost.
And the whole thing
blew sky high.
All right?
So I just wanted
to make that point.
It was not an accident.
There was an activist behind it.
It's one of my greatest
accomplishments.
It didn't succeed.
All right?
OK.
So now let's move up.
Now that was one of
the longer quotes.
It won't be that long.
Let's go up here.
And again, I'll explain to
you why this is important.
Just a second-- here we go.
Still working, aren't you?
Talk to me.
What's going on?
Come on.
>> And we will start peeling
back along on the first book
in a series, "Sekret Machines--
Chasing Shadows."
He'll join us for a
couple of segments
to share stories about the
steep learning curve involved
in this journey of discovery
these guys have been making.
>> It starts now.
>> I want to mention a
couple of news items quickly.
Cross your fingers,
hope the best
for a guy who's been my
guest on this program
a couple of times, Robert
Bigelow, space entrepreneur,
I should say, from Las Vegas.
He founded his company Bigelow
Aerospace back in 1999,
built it from scratch
with his own money.
And on April 8, he
is scheduled to have
one of his spacecraft launched
aboard a SpaceX rocket.
And if all goes
well, it will dock
with the ISS, the
International Space Station.
It will become an
adjunct to the ISS,
give them more space up there.
And if things work
out as planned,
it could lead to very big
things for the Bigelow company
and for commercial
development of space.
NASA just this past
week talking openly
about a manned lunar base within
a matter of a couple of years.
And this mission could
play a big part in that.
Because the same
spacecraft that's
going to be launched
this week could
be a model for the habitat
used on the lunar surface.
>> Now why is that important?
Robert Bigelow, April
8, NASA is going
to test his space habitat,
which he spent $390 million
developing, under a contract
with NASA, since about 2000.
Bigelow is a billionaire--
Bigelow Aerospace,
Las Vegas, Nevada.
All right?
So that's coming up.
So remember, this is
March the 27th, 17th--
whatever it is, March 27th.
And in just a few
days, he's going
to have the test begin at
the NASA space station.
Keep that in mind, because
it gets interesting later.
All right.
Let me move on here.
Hang on.
Hopefully this thing is
going to be nice to me.
Come on.
Here we go.
>> --her story and
maybe a surprise ending.
I'm George Knapp, and this
is "Coast to Coast AM."
Welcome back to
"Coast to Coast."
I got a call about
five years ago,
I think it was out of
the blue from a guy who
said his name was Tom DeLonge.
He had a band called Blink 182.
And I'd heard of
them, of course.
And I'd heard his name.
That band has sold--
I don't know-- close
to 30 million albums.
It remains wildly
popular even now.
Tom was the co-founder, lead
guitarist, and vocalist.
And about 10 years ago,
sort of as a side project,
he co-founded another band
called Angels and Airwaves.
It's also been very successful.
But his passion all this time,
through much of his life,
has been UFOs.
And the topic of aliens and UFOs
would pop up in his song lyrics
now and then.
I think some of his fans
probably would groan about it.
It drove them crazy
from time to time.
After Tom it called me that
first time to talk about UFOs,
we continued our
communications over the years.
He joined me on this
program a couple of times.
And then allowed me
sort of a front row
seat to what he's been doing.
About a year ago, his life
took a very dramatic turn.
He announced he's
leaving Blink 182, which
caused a furor with his
hardcore fans, of course.
Said he was going to refocus
his professional life,
the working umbrella
title, Sekret Machines,
an ambitious multi-platform
effort-- films, documentaries,
books-- fiction and nonfiction.
We're going to talk
about all those.
And we're going to talk
about the unexpected turn
that things took for Tom,
something truly unusual that
happened along the
way, the contacts
he made in the UFO field that
are absolutely unprecedented.
Welcome back to the
program, Tom DeLonge.
Tom, good to have you.
>> How are you?
>> I hope I didn't build
it up too much there.
>> You know, I was
listening to that intro.
And I was like, my
god, I sound amazing.
And I'm sitting here
kind of going, oh,
they're all going to figure
me out pretty soon, that I'm--
--a company called To The Stars.
And what we're doing is--
>> I jumped ahead.
>> --kind of communicating
large themes and ideas
in what's called--
is transmedia,
where you do multi-platform
releases on a subject.
So that's no different
than what you
see on your big Marvel
or DC Comics movies
or stuff that Disney does.
Even "Star Wars",
where it's a franchise,
it's an idea that
lasts for many years.
And they do a lot of movies.
They'll do animations.
They'll do books or whatever.
Sekret Machines is like that.
All of the releases I'm doing
have a piece of music with it.
But I was more
interested in things
that are very challenging and
things that are ambitious.
I don't do well doing the same
thing over and over again.
If I'm not engaged
cerebrally, I kind of feel
like I'm dying a
slow little death.
So I definitely put a lot
on my plate this time.
>> The Sekret Machines project,
this idea of doing the books,
it goes back a long ways.
Well before the developments,
he was into that.
And it's that idea of
this multimedia platform
is what he eventually
tries to contact
the military intelligence
complex about.
Now, what happens next is--
and this is a long segment.
But this is really important.
It didn't seem important then.
This is March 27, 2016.
I'm hearing this.
I'm going, wow, I
can't believe this.
This isn't possible.
Later, I said, yeah,
it is possible.
But again, I didn't fully
grasp the implications.
Right?
Because it was
2016, and my can--
I cannot say my candidate.
I didn't vote for her.
But the point is, Hillary
Clinton was probably
going to win.
Everything looked just great.
I'm ecstatic.
He's doing his
thing, no big deal.
Ha ha.
Well, it didn't work
out that way at all.
And so now this segment
here if you listen carefully
there's a lot of
good stuff here.
And then I'll comment on it.
Let's see 3206.
Sorry I'm not faster with this.
Well, this thing keeps--
no, that's not it.
I'll take that.
Go back again.
>> --is and where it's
from and what it's doing,
a lot of this book is laying
the foundation for even bigger
stuff that's coming on Book 2.
>> I want to talk for a moment
about the political scene.
And I'm not endorsing
Hillary Clinton.
I'm not endorsing John Podesta.
I don't think you are, either.
I just find it amazing--
and I don't even know if they
could release the UFO files,
even if they could find them.
I just find it amazing that
during the heat of a campaign
that they're talking about it.
Somewhere it would seem like
they've done a big focus group
or something that says--
>> No!
>> --it's OK.
But to me, it doesn't
make any sense.
It just seems like
it's a downer,
that it could be something
they'd be beaten over the head
with.
Yet you've had very open
communications with Podesta.
His interest in this goes
way, way back, as does hers.
>> Yeah.
I think people need to take
very, very, very strong notice
of what's going on when Hillary
Clinton comes on "The Jimmy
Kimmel Show" like she did
a couple of nights ago
and says we're going to dig in
and bring out the UFO files,
quote--
"unless it has to do
with national security."
That was the one caveat.
So she's saying this
needs to come out.
But there might be some things
that's going to hold some of it
back.
And she's letting you
know with breadcrumbs
here that there are
national security
issues with this stuff.
And there are global security
So her campaign
manager, John Podesta,
is a very, very powerful
and important person.
And a lot of this
audience knows of him
because he tweeted a
few times about UFOs.
One of his famous
tweets last year
was that his biggest
failure for 2014
was not getting the
UFO files released.
But you have to
look at who he is.
He got President Clinton elected
and was his chief of staff,
and got Obama elected and
served as his transitional chief
of staff, and served for the
majority of Obama's tenure
as his senior advisor.
And now he's the campaign
chairman for Hillary.
So if Hillary wins,
he'll most likely
be chief of staff for her.
So you have a guy
that's routinely
getting people elected to the
highest office in the world
and then staying on to
either run their offense
or be their senior advisor.
And he's out there talking about
UFOs like it's anything else.
And he is in my docuseries.
And the story there
was I reached out
and I told him what I was trying
to achieve with this project.
And he was very
quiet on the phone.
he was listening.
And I kind of went through
what my objectives were.
And I have my pitch down.
But I'm speaking
very respectfully.
And I'm trying to lay out--
>> This is the first time it
became known that he had been
dealing with Podesta.
And most people
didn't hear this.
They didn't know
anything about it.
And they didn't learn about the
connection to Podesta and Tom
DeLonge until the Wikileaks
emails were released just
before the election of 2016.
But he did mention
it on the show.
And so in a sense, he
outed this connection.
But the political
scene did not notice.
>> You know, all the reasons
why this needs to happen,
but I didn't think that I
really got through to him.
And for all I knew,
he thought I was
just some crazy
rock star that wants
to talk about something weird.
But I knew he was
into this stuff.
But I just didn't know
how much or whatever.
So he said call me
in a couple months.
I'm pretty busy.
And we'll see where we're at.
I said cool.
I never called him back.
Because I didn't
think he was really
absorbing what I pitched him.
And then all a sudden,
out of nowhere, I just
get this flurry of
emails from his office
that he wants to be in this,
and I have to come out to DC,
and it's a major priority.
And the rest is history.
But I think people
need to understand
that we're in a transition
here with this topic
and that some really big
things are about to happen.
>> Well, that's what I'm
trying to get at here.
Because I know for some
listeners who just can't stand
Hillary Clinton, they have
trouble even listening
to this part of it.
But just set that stuff
aside for a second,
and think for a moment
about the significance
of a major presidential
candidate talking
about this issue.
It's like somebody flipped
a light switch or something.
>> Well, you know, you have an
issue that's going to tackle
cosmology and religion and
scientific breakthroughs that
will seem like magic to people.
Relationships with
countries that we're not
supposed to have
relationships with,
defense systems that we've
been building secretly
with enormous amounts of money
for a very long period of time,
where people, if
they knew about it,
would probably be in
an uproar until they
knew the reasons why.
And then they would say,
why didn't you tell me?
I wish I could've helped you.
You know, the more that I
found out about this stuff,
and once they started
giving me the information,
I realized that all these
young people are going
to look at these areas of
our governments and say you
guys are heroes.
You guys are doing heroic
stuff, incredible stuff.
And no one knows about it.
And you're letting all these
weirdos on the internet
define you and say it's
all a big conspiracy.
It's the big, bad, secret
government keeping secrets
because they're better than us,
or we can't handle the truth,
or they're doing it
for money and to be
in control of the world.
Nothing could be
further from the truth.
Once you understand why they're
keeping their efforts secret
and what they've
been doing, you will
realize that they
need to be empowered
and they need to be given
every bit of resource
that they could possibly
need for what they're doing.
And I'm excited to tell
that part of the story.
I'm-- in
>> Now I'm going to
revisit this again.
We'll go back.
You're going to hear
about this again.
But what you just heard
is at the core of what's
going down here and the
reason it's going down.
I don't know if you caught it.
But the message
that Tom was trying
to bring to the military
intelligence complex,
which he'll talk about
in a little bit, how
he went around trying to
get meetings and so forth.
And they're kind
of pushing him off.
And then one day,
all of a sudden,
it was, like, let's have a talk.
It's that the
military intelligence
complex are the good guys.
They're being trashed
unnecessarily and denigrated
as being the bad guys.
But they've been trying
to defend us and do
the best they can.
And the public
needs to know that.
We need to get that out to the
public so that they will see.
You guys aren't the
evil guys, the ones that
are keeping it all from us.
In other words, PR--
good PR-- for the military
intelligence complex.
They could use some
good public relations.
That was the basis for it.
That's why it happened.
And that's what's
even going on today.
And I'm not criticizing.
I'm just saying
what's happening.
Now we'll go a
little bit further.
>> I'm excited for people to
understand that these are good
people doing important
work that, thank God,
they were doing it.
>> Well, what it
makes you wonder is--
I made the comparison
to somebody
flipping a light switch--
whether a green light has
been given to a variety of
people in the government
that it's OK to start
dribbling stuff out.
I mean, people are
talking to you.
Someone, somewhere knows those
conversations are under way.
I'm just wondering where,
ultimately, this come from.
Did they have a conference
call and everybody said, OK,
now is the time?
Or what do you think about it?
>> Well, you know,
it's hard to say.
I think that I came in and
brought an idea to the table
that they don't readily--
or you know, have.
I said, you know, I walked
in there with a voice
that they don't really
have a position that speaks
to young people the way I do.
I also walked in
there with a thesis
on the phenomenon
that is correct
that's totally
different than just
visitors from another planet.
So when they saw that I actually
knew what I was talking about,
I think that caught them
a little bit off guard.
And then I also
said I have a plan
to do something that
looks like this.
And I kind of laid out the
whole Sekret Machines project.
And they probably thought
that was really interesting.
But when I started
executing, when I actually
started doing the work and
pulling the people together,
and getting all these
advisors, and writing
the novel, and the
novel being good,
and the documentary being
good, and everything happening
the way I said it would, I think
I built up an enormous amount
of trust with these guys.
But we have to be
really clear here.
I'm very respectful.
I'm very formal about it.
Everything's a yes
sir and no sir.
I'm speaking to guys where
you can count all the stars
on their shoulders--
I mean, really.
And I try to run this like
a real program, the way they
would want it run.
So everything gets approval.
Everything gets sent over.
And just to give
you guys an idea,
I got a call that I was
going to do a big interview
with "Newsweek" last week.
And so I did the interview.
And at the end of
the interview, I
found out that it
was a fake interview.
And--
>> I'll stop it there.
What you take away from that is,
again, and this is important--
I was respectful.
I treated them with respect--
wholly appropriate
for what he was doing.
And by the way, when he
says Sekret Machines,
that was the name
of the first book.
And that's kind of
a catchall phrase
for the entire multimedia
project that was in his head.
That's not the role
of the activist.
The activist role is not
to get before the power
and tell them--
wonderful, be very
respectful, and all of that.
The activist role
is to push them.
And like in war, where it's
the young men and women
and the journalists who are
out there on the battlefield
getting their heads blown
off while the entertainment
people and the politicians are
back home quite comfortable,
in activism, it's the activists
that are up on the bridge
getting bit by German shepherds
and hosed down with fire hoses
and so forth.
The entertainment industry and
the politicians are not there.
Our job is to get dog
bites, then the hoses.
That's the way it works.
So I haven't heard from
anybody in the Stars team.
And I haven't heard
from George Knapp.
And why that matters--
it's not my ego, I assure you.
But the fact that of
those 400 articles that
were written about the Hillary
Clinton-Podesta-ET connection
in the middle of a $4 billion
presidential campaign, one
of the most bizarre in
history, the most heavily
covered in history, 130 of them
heard me and Paradigm Research
Group.
I was in the articles, quoted,
including "The New York Times."
And in the entire
two year campaign,
I never received a single call
from a single television show
to comment.
They don't talk to the
political activists
because they know
the questions to ask.
They can't be bought.
They can't be used so easily.
It's best to stay
away from them,
whether you're a
journalist, whether you're
a member of the Pentagon
or whatever else.
And yet, we need something
like what Tom is doing.
I can't do that.
There's no way they're
going to buy my stuff,
walking in and saying
yes, sir, yes, sir.
I'm going to do
something for you guys.
Absolutely not!
And they would.
He wanted to, right?
He wanted to get information
out to the people.
He wanted to change
the paradigm.
And he was willing to be on
their level and talk to them
and be nice and
respectful and do
what he said he wanted to do.
You need both of these things.
And I say this because--
I'll be right with you--
is because To The Stars
Academy has been heavily hit.
They've been criticized.
They've been ridiculed.
They've got all kinds
of conspiracy theories
out there about them.
And that's just internet stuff.
But it's that lack
of clarity that
constantly keeps us
going around in circles
and never getting anywhere.
So I'm trying to be clarifying.
Yes?
[AUDIO OUT]
He's made a doc.
It hasn't come out yet.
But John Podesta is in it.
Yes, sir?
[AUDIO OUT]
Actually, it's not the--
yeah, let me catch that.
Here's my view.
And one of the reasons
I do these things
and say certain things is
because of those two things
back there called cameras.
Because this is where you
get things on the record.
Right?
Let me be clear.
The principal problem--
well, a principal source
of our dilemmas
today do not come
from the Pentagon, or the
CIA, or the NSA, or the Army,
the Air Force, the
Marines, or the Navy.
They come from our political
class that runs them.
They serve the president.
They serve the White House.
They are employed by
the executive branch.
The president is the boss,
whether it's Johnson or Ford,
whether it's Bush.
And the political
class, certainly
since 1955 in this country,
has abused the holy hell out
of our military.
The military
doesn't declare war.
The military doesn't
go off to Vietnam
unless the president tells
them to go to Vietnam.
And so you have the
military defense community,
whose job was to protect us
against the Soviet threat
of nuclear war, which is
a pretty serious matter,
and also was dealing with the
ET issue at the same time.
It's just a pretty
serious matter.
So they're basically doing
what they're supposed to do.
The problem is our
political class
has used them all
of the time to serve
their psychopathic agendas.
They lie in Vietnam.
They lie in Iraq.
They lie about surveillance,
and on and on and on and on.
And finally, the military class
gets so disgusted with them
that they said you
guys are crazy.
And so they started pulling
programs out from under them
and taking them totally black.
Which is not good, because
that raises the possibility
the military class
is going to start
abusing the power of secrecy.
And to some degree, they have.
But the fundamental dysfunction
is our political class.
We have one of the
loyalest militaries
the world has ever seen.
Yes?
[AUDIO OUT]
There are people that
believe in that--
that the hidden
government-- they
view the military intelligence
complex as another government
running things.
No, that's not it.
No.
By taking things black, by
pulling the ET issue out
from the presidency
and the Congress
and oversight, that
simply making it easier
for them to do their thing.
They don't got a member
of Congress on their ass.
They don't have the
media on their ass.
president calling them up.
That's not running
the government.
That's simply make it easy
to run their programs.
[AUDIO OUT]
Well, that's why we
have black budgets.
You see the black
budget is designed
so that the Congress is able
to vote money for something
without knowing
specifically what it's for.
But certain key members,
like the Gang of Eight,
are supposed to get
briefed about that.
And a certain
limited number know
what the money is going for.
But things have gotten to the
point, and the amount of money
that is going through, that--
these poor people in
Congress have no idea
what the hell they're doing.
And you can have a
black program here.
You get it in.
The head of intel
committee knows that.
And then boom, the money is in.
And then it goes over here.
They're moving stuff all around.
The day before
9/11, as you know,
Rumsfeld came out
and said, you know--
and this was rather remarkable
for a Secretary of Defense
to publicly announce that
based on a preliminary audit,
they've not been able
to do a full audit,
they can't account
for $2 trillion.
Now that's not conspiracy stuff.
That's actually in the news.
And then 9/11 happened the next
day, probably a coincidence.
Since then they've indicated
they've lost even more money.
And so again, the deep state
is a recent corrupted meme.
It's not doing anybody any good.
Yes, sir?
[AUDIO OUT]
And we don't want
you to interrupt.
[AUDIO OUT]
[LAUGHTER]
>> They really--
[AUDIO OUT]
>> What's the joke?
>> Donald Rumsfeld
lost all that money--
>> First of all, Rumsfeld
didn't lose all that money.
What he was saying is that
for the previous 60 years,
after doing some
audit, they're not
able to account for $2 trillion.
That doesn't mean it
got lost the day before.
It means that over decades,
their whole systems
are not particularly effective.
[AUDIO OUT]
Yeah.
And then something
crashed into the building.
The discussion about exactly
what was in those offices
and exactly to what extent
they affected the audit, that's
a complex discussion.
We can't have it here.
I understand your position.
I'm not saying it's impossible
it isn't a coincidence.
But I know people that
are doing audits now.
And they'll continue to audit.
It wasn't like the audits
were going to stop.
And in fact, recently, they just
announced that, yeah, they're
missing $4 trillion.
I mean, you look at
the total 9/11 thing,
it could be that they
saw an opportunity
to do a let it happen multitask
thing where they could
knock out a bunch of stuff.
It's all possible.
I'm not knocking it out.
But believe me, when it comes
to these matters, impossible not
to have some disagreements
on the particulars.
Because we're talking about
some real complex history.
All right?
So again, I get back
to the key point,
and this is my view, as
well, the enemy is not
the military
intelligence community.
The enemy is the
political abuse of them,
the inability of the
politicians, because they're
bought and sold, to
properly oversight them,
the inability of
the political class
to exercise reforms anymore.
And why is it important?
Because you don't elect the
under managers of the DOD.
You don't elect the generals
in the army and the admirals
in the Navy.
You elect a political class.
And you-- not you particularly,
this is the general "you"--
all of those people
were elected by us.
And so who was
fundamentally responsible
for the discombobulated,
dysfunctional, corrupt--
us.
We passed all the bills
by our representatives
to ruin campaign
financing and make
billionaires ultimate power.
We allowed the Congress to give
corporations personhood status.
And I could go on and on and on.
And then we either say
it's not our fault,
or the elections were bogus,
or it's all rigged in advance.
And I might believe that
if 90% of us were voting.
But only about 48%
of us are voting.
Right?
Now this is the activist
in me coming out.
But the reason that I'm
getting kind of agitated
is because of the history
that's happening now.
This is huge.
This is our
opportunity to maybe--
[AUDIO OUT] Right?
But you actually have to
know how important it is.
Yes, sir?
[AUDIO OUT]
Yeah.
Right.
[AUDIO OUT]
Mhm.
Right.
[AUDIO OUT]
OK, point number one-- the
number one reason the military
has felt vulnerable
for the last 70 years
is because there's
tens of thousands
of nuclear weapons in
the hands of a bunch
of different nations,
and at any time,
we could have a nuclear war
and blow ourselves all to hell.
That's the number one
thing of vulnerability.
As far as the ET issue,
they knew long ago
that there's not
a damn thing they
can do about the ETs, period.
I mean, if you want to
feel vulnerable, fine,
but nothing you can do about it.
Have the courage to change what
you can, and then what is the--
to accept what you can't change?
OK.
So it's not about vulnerability.
Over the years in various
ways, if you know,
you go sift through
it all, you find
that the government
or the military
has said on a
number of occasions,
they don't pose a threat.
Even UK has said that, right?
And the reason they sort of
do that is because they do
know there's people out here
getting a little anxious,
you know?
They don't exist, but
they don't pose a threat.
Whatever that is
that doesn't exist
doesn't pose a threat--
they say that all the time.
Look-- there is nothing
they can do about the ETs.
They could destroy us
anytime they want to.
They wouldn't even
have to break a sweat.
This is something that
people need to understand.
There are people out there
that think-- you know,
they've seen some
"Star Wars" movies,
and they've seen all
these sci-fi movies,
and they see us taking
our ships up there,
and they all shoot each other
like in a gunfight with laser
beams from like a
few yards away--
this is utter crap, right?
OK?
The technologies they
have and the ability they
have, we wouldn't last a week,
and so we are at their mercy.
The problem we have is not
what they might do to us,
but what we are
doing to ourselves.
Yes?
Exactly.
Again, a cabal is a term
that means nothing to me.
It's just a term.
These are terms
that get into play.
They're called
memes, and they help
people to sort of
coalesce ideas around,
but they're never defined.
Can any--
[AUDIO OUT]
At any given time, there
are countless numbers
of power groupings trying to do
stuff, trying to get their way,
trying to move things around.
You've got all kinds of
various corporation groups
where it's farm or oil.
You've got bankers in Europe.
You've got bankers
the United States.
And they're all pushing
in different directions.
And they've got power, and they
can kind of make things happen.
And people, like us-- and
I'm definitely one of them--
who live day to day, see that
and they go, we're helpless.
I mean, we can't do anything.
We can't really
have the influence
that these power centers have.
And we feel helpless.
I get that.
But to truly understand
the complexity
of this geopolitical
dynamic, that's a PhD--
maybe two.
And frankly, we all have
to make a living, don't we?
We have to pay the bills.
And so there are those
that come along and try
to make it real simple for you.
Bring all this complexity--
it's the Illuminati.
They live in Europe somewhere,
and they control everything.
And it just makes it simple.
Now is that a bad thing?
In some cases,
it's a good thing.
You've got that's what it is.
It's simple.
Go about your life.
Do what you gotta do.
But it's also a bad thing
because it's just not true.
And so there is all these
centers out there doing stuff,
and then the things that they're
doing are hurting people,
but the people that
are getting hurt
are over there looking for the
Illuminati and Transylvania.
They love it, right?
The world's complicated, but
that's why you have government.
That's why you have
institutions and NGOs.
If they're run by competent
people, credible people,
the power of them together,
it can deal with this stuff.
Monsanto comes along and tries
to basically poison all of us
with a herbicide that is
cancerous, but helps them sell,
and then gets into Terminator
seeds and all that stuff.
The government
comes up and says,
no, but our dysfunctional
how much are you
going to pay me?
And so one of the reason you're
seeing these memes evolve
is because the
organizations that
are designed to press back
against the influences
of people that want what
they want are not doing that.
And we're sitting here going,
what are we going to do?
We're screwed.
And so that's why
these memes develop.
And not much I can do about
that-- is simply tell you
what I think, all right?
Most of the stuff on the
internet is bull, OK?
But a lot of it's great.
And the number one skill
anybody can have in this world--
and if you have a kid, start
teaching them at about 3
and 1/2--
is how do you figure
out what's bull
and what's real because if
you can't tell the difference,
you're lost.
All right, let's move on.
See, this is a workshop.
Wouldn't you say this
is not a lecture?
Now, what I want
to do here is I'm
going to go over here and
move along a little further.
Well, at least, I thought I was.
There it is.
OK, we're going to go here.
>> The song called "Whole
Life," recorded in 2003,
has never been released
on a Paul McCartney album.
That's McCartney collaborating
with guitarist Dave Stewart
of the Eurythmics.
Great song.
We're talking with musician,
vocalist Tom DeLonge.
And let's get down to
the brass tacks though.
You had this project
sort of in mind
before you met
these guys, right?
>> I did.
Yeah, I did.
I didn't quite know how I was
going to get the support that I
wanted.
I had ideas of how to start.
But you know, I'm the kind of
guy that's always sniffed out--
>> And that's important.
Basically, what
George is saying,
look, he already had these ideas
in his head before he met them.
These guys didn't
pitch this to him.
He pitched it to them.
And he'd been thinking
about it for a long time.
And he has the money to
fly to some meeting that's
open to the public,
or some defense guys,
or high-level people might be.
And then he'd go to
the meeting, and then
he kind of sidle up to them
and say, hi, I'm Tom DeLonge.
And then maybe, a kind
of nice to meet you.
And he kept doing it.
He's like working it,
working it, working it.
What Tom did not know
is that sometime in 2015
with Hillary Clinton way
ahead to be president,
and she and her team talking
ETs all over the place,
the guys inside realize we
have got to move on this.
We've got to get
out ahead of this.
In other words, they basically
came to the same conclusion
that Tom did, but he
wouldn't have known that.
And so at some point
you'll learn later,
he suddenly gets
invited to talk.
And it goes, boom,
boom, boom, boom, boom.
And if that's all you knew--
if all you knew was that a
rock guy with a high school
education and ADDH, who says
you know every four words,
is having meetings with the
top people in the Pentagon
and the CIA, you would
say you would not even
put that in a novel.
And it happened because a young
guy who knew a lot about ETs
with an idea and the military--
and a substantial group
inside the military
intelligence complex
pretty much had the same idea at
the same time and got together.
And the reason that
Tom was important
is that they wanted to do
what they wanted to do,
but one of them
could not lead it.
If the To The Stars
Academy had come out
and the CEO was a 30-year
counterintelligence
guy from the CIA, how
do you think the public
would have received it, right?
Uh, I don't think so.
Instead, the CEO is a really
cool skateboarding millennial
with a huge population and
a massive Twitter following.
And hes got a multimedia thing.
He's writing books and stuff,
and everything is all cool.
It makes total sense.
It's one of those
historical things.
It's a fluke, and
yet it's amazing.
And it may be what
turns the tide.
OK, now, let me move on here.
Oh, boy.
Let me see how much of this
we can do because this--
I'm learning that my ad
libbing abilities are simply
beyond my control.
All right, let's see.
Here, he goes into--
this is the-- you know,
you got to hear this
because this basically
says how this happened.
And you know, he's telling
it, I think, pretty straight.
And I hope you'll see just how
freakin' remarkable this is.
Here we go.
Yes, we are.
Come on.
>> After that when I sort
of did it the way, you know,
that these guys treat it, which
is it is a national and global
security issue.
>> Let's talk about the process
of how you sort of pierced
the veil because that's what
people are going to have
trouble buying.
How is this guy-- how is it
this rock star guy gains access
to this when so many people--
senators, and researchers,
and scientists,
and spooks who've tried
to look for this stuff--
couldn't find it?
How do you get the access?
How do you explain that?
>> Let's preface it.
The military intelligence
complex stonewalled Clinton,
stonewalled Carter,
stonewalled Obama, right?
Gave a little
information to Nixon.
He got a briefing, right?
Stonewalled the media.
Lied, came up with four
explanations for Roswell,
and on, and on, and
on, and on, and on,
and on for years and decades.
But this guy, they let in.
You see, something happened.
And I think I've told you
what I think happened.
It was a political
development that
finally forced a lot of
people inside the military
intelligence complex who
favored disclosure and had
been for a long time to say,
we no longer can just sit here.
We've got to take some action.
OK, here we go.
>> Well, I mean, I might as
well just tell you the story.
So the way the first--
you know, it spells
this out a little bit
in the foreword to the book,
but I had an opportunity
to go to an event.
So the most classified and
the most advanced group
of engineers and
scientists that work
within the military
industrial complex
work under one specific group.
And it's a very,
very quiet group.
But for the very
first time, they
were doing an event where
family members can come and not
go in the building, but at
least celebrate in the parking
lot what their loved ones
do during the day, you know.
And they asked me, you
know, would you come up?
And because I knew this
one individual that
told me to be really careful.
You know, he goes,
hey, look, this
is a way for you to come
up and see a little bit
about what we're doing.
And I said, oh, my
god, I would love to.
And he said, do you want
to come and introduce
the head of the
company to the crowd?
And I said, I will if I get to
sit with them for five minutes.
I don't know why I said that.
I just knew that that
was an opportunity
that guys like me
would kill because I
knew exactly who this
group of engineers were.
I knew exactly what
they do, you know.
So the head guy--
are you kidding me?
Yeah, let me lock me in
a room with this dude.
And so I got that opportunity.
I went up and I did the
introduction to the crowd,
and then I got the five
minutes to sit down alone
and say whatever it
is I wanted to say.
So at that time, I didn't say
anything about this subject.
I just said, hey, I have
an idea for a project.
And this project, I think
if it's done correctly,
will reverse the cynicism that
people have about government
and what people
have about the, you
know, frankly, the military
industrial complex.
I think that if I
do this, you know,
places like this and other
arms of the government
would be happy that
it got communicated.
But I didn't bring up
anything that was, you know--
>> You didn't mention UFOs.
>> You don't mention UFOs.
Don't even do that
because you'll get
kicked right out of the door.
So he goes, OK, that's great.
And I said, can I come
up in a couple of weeks
and tell you more about it?
Absolutely.
So a couple of weeks go
by, then I come back up.
I go through four
layers of security.
I go through machine guns--
guys with machine guns--
and then I get escorted into a
very specific building that's
with a bunch of buildings.
And this is somewhere out in the
middle of the desert somewhere.
And then I go through two
layers of electronic code entry
systems.
And then you hear the locks go.
You know, they make their
sounds and the doors open up.
Now, I'm in a hallway.
And that hallway has speakers
lining the ceiling just playing
white noise, kind
of like TV static.
And that's there so you don't
hear anybody's conversations.
And the hallway also
has a series of doors.
And all the doors have kind of
like those big rotary locks,
like a safe lock on them.
So we go through that
hallway, and then
they just twisted the
knobs on the doors,
and then you hear the big
sound and that door opens up.
And now, I'm in the
center of the building
where the top three
engineers work
with the head of the company.
And so I walk in and
they're sitting there.
And they're ready for what
it is I wanted to pitch them.
So you know, I'm nervously
trying to figure out
what I'm going to say.
I had no idea that--
you know, I had
no plan for even bringing
up UFOs then either.
I was smarter than that.
So we're talking and one
person apparently did
a bunch of research on me
and knew that I was all
into the subject.
So halfway through the
conversation, this person says,
so what about all the conspiracy
stuff that you're into?
And just so now,
I'm being eyeballed
by three very important
people and I'm just totally
got caught.
You know, and I'm
like, oh my god,
what am I going to do right now?
So I tried to talk
my way out of it.
And then in comes the head
of the company-- the big,
big dude--
and kind of saves the moment,
but at the same time, you know,
he got introduced to
the conversation right
at that point.
So you know, I
said, you know, you
come in at a very interesting
part of the conversation.
This person brought up, you
know, the whole UFO issue
with me.
I just want you to know
that I don't plan on,
you know, treating
that disrespectfully
with this project.
And now, I got interrupted.
And the head guy says, we cannot
be involved with anything that
has anything to do
with that subject,
especially since there has
been absolutely no evidence
whatsoever that it exists.
So bam, I'm just
cut off right there.
And now, my heart's racing.
And I'm like, what do I do?
So the only thing that I can
think of at the moment is I
said, well, Edgar
Allen Mitchell--
the sixth man to
walk on the moon--
is out telling all the
young people of the world
that this is real.
So we have a credibility
issue that we have to attack,
but we don't have to
attack it here or now
and we could talk this through.
It's just something
that young people think,
and I want you to know a little
bit more about my project.
And so I got my way through.
I was like, oh, my
god, I'm still here.
So they said, OK, continue.
So that specific meeting ended,
and then I just said, you know,
hell with it.
I said, sir, can I speak to
you for five minutes alone?
This is the Tom that
even my old band
members know-- you know,
just go for something.
This is the punk rock
kid inside of me, right?
And he goes, sure.
And so the other people
kind of look at me weird.
And they're like,
OK, so we leave?
And I kind of looked
at them, so they did.
So they stood up
and I shut the door.
And now, I'm in the middle
of all these different layers
of security, and I'm
sitting with this person,
and I just go for broke.
I just go-- this is
exactly what I said.
I want you to
understand something.
And I sit down two
feet in front of him
and he's staring
at me in his suit.
And I go, I understand the
national security implications
about what I'm about to say.
I am not naive to the topic.
And I think if you
hear me out, you're
going to see that there's merit
in what I'm about to propose.
And he goes, well, what
topic are you talking about?
And I go, UFOs, sir.
Now, this is what I
want to try and do.
And so then I just laid out this
entire secret machine's project
idea.
And I said, I'm
going to send in--
I said, but over
the past 30 years,
there's been a program to
indoctrinate people to the idea
that this might be
real, but the problem
is all the young adults of the
world, they use the internet.
They have iPhones.
They talk to each other much
quicker than people ever have,
so this program that everyone's
been following from the '50s
is far outdated.
It's antiquated.
People have surpassed it.
And now, they don't
trust you guys.
Now, they don't like you guys.
Now, they graduate from MIT and
they want to work for Elon Musk
and they don't
want to work here.
Help me help you guys.
And then he stops me
because I said, frankly,
there's been some
bad things that
have happened for the past
30 years on the subject.
And he stops me.
And I'm kind of going, OK,
so now, I'm in trouble.
I just went right
into this stuff.
What's going to happen?
And he looks at me.
And he takes a breath and he
goes, what kind of bad things
has the government
done with this subject?
Very, very calm and staring
me straight in the eyes.
And so I came up with
a couple of things
that I can't say here.
And I said, if you
allow me to do this--
what I'm trying to do--
then I'm going to ask
you for some help.
I need advisors.
I need people to
help guide me so I
don't keep misinforming people.
I will not do that anymore.
We need to tell the truth.
You know what I
said at the time?
I said, you've got to picture
those little chickens running
across the road and
someone's guiding them.
I'm all, I'm that little
chicken and I'm racing,
but I don't want to get hit by
a car along the way, you know.
But it was no joke.
There was nothing to
laugh at during this time.
So I said, I'm going
to send you something.
I want you to read it.
And please, if you find
anything about it good,
if there's any kind of
merit in this at all,
just respond any way
you can because I
didn't think you could respond
in an email or anything.
He goes, OK, thank you for that,
and then the meeting was done.
So what I did was the
nonfiction books that we've
been working on right next
to the seeker machines
novel and parallel has--
it's a thesis of
the UFO phenomenon.
So I took the prologue to that
thesis and I sent it to him.
And I'm sitting there going,
oh, my god, what did I do?
What did I do?
I shouldn't have
sent him an email.
Obviously, you
don't send an email.
Every email you have with
this group, it has all these,
like, government stamps
all over the email
because it goes through DoD
servers and all this stuff.
But I had no other
way to get it to him.
So I did.
So I just sat there, and
I didn't hear anything
for a couple weeks.
So I was like, OK, that
relationship is done.
I fried that thing.
I went in there talking about--
I tell people it's like walking
into somebody during World War
II, and say, hey, about
that nuclear bomb you're
building in secret, you know, I
want to talk to you about that.
That's basically what I did.
Well, two weeks later, I
get this email and it says,
I want you to be
next to the Pentagon
at this date and this time.
You're going to be meeting
somebody from the CIA
basically.
It said it in a different way,
but I can't say what it said.
And so I was like, oh, my god.
Oh, my god.
Like, it's working.
So I get on a plane
and I fly out to DC.
And this is where it gets pretty
sketchy, but it was insane.
So I go to my meeting.
I had to go to a very
specific location that
was within a rock's
throw of the Pentagon.
And I go to the back of a
room at a certain location.
And there's two guys in suits
waiting at a table for me.
So I go and I sit
down at the table.
And the person I was talking
to is one of the persons.
And he goes, I think this would
be a good time for you to tell
this person what you told me.
And I'm sitting there kind of
in my mind, I'm going, well,
what do I say?
Do I tell him everything I
told you or some of the things?
Am I allowed to tell him
that I told you these things?
I had no idea what to say, so I
said, OK, I'll just go for it.
So I went through
the exact same pitch.
So I talked about
20-some minutes
because they were just
eyeballing me like hawks,
you know.
So at this point,
I just don't know.
I've never been in
these situations before,
so I didn't know if I was
saying the wrong thing or not,
but I was just trying
to be very respectful
and I went through with it.
And I finished my speech.
And the person is
just staring at me--
I mean, these squinting eyes.
You know, the beard, the suit--
I mean, looks exactly
straight out of a movie--
an espionage movie.
Takes a breath and
goes, things like this
don't happen at the White House.
They don't happen at the hill.
They happen in places
like this, at tables
like this, where a few men get
together and decide to push
the ball down the field.
And then the meeting was done.
I mean, done, like a movie done.
So the very next day, I
got sent over to NASA.
And I'm at the highest
levels at NASA.
And I decided to
do the same thing
where I ask everyone to leave.
So this one person, I did
the pitch one more time.
And they said, you
need to meet somebody.
So that person flies
out to San Diego.
I go to another meeting.
We get on a conference call.
And this person is a very
important in the military.
I can't say which branch, but
at the highest level of ranks.
But then after they left
that particular branch
of the military, they did
something very, very important
for another agency.
And that person says,
come fly and meet me up
here in San Francisco
within the next 48 hours.
So I got on a plane
and I go there.
And now, I'm sitting
on a NASA Ames--
NASA has three divisions.
There's Ames Research,
JPL, and then just NASA--
the traditional NASA
that everyone knows.
I'm at Ames Research Center.
And I go through my
whole pitch again.
And this person
stops me and goes,
I just want you to know I'm
a skeptic on this stuff.
And I said, I
understand that, sir.
I knew you would say that, but
let me just continue and tell
you what I'm trying to do.
20 minutes later, I
just want you to know,
just I'm a skeptic.
And I go, I know you are.
You already said that.
And I keep talking.
And by the time I got
to kind of concluding
what this project would be,
he's just staring at me.
And then he takes a
deep breath and says,
introduce him to the general.
And then I was like,
well, who's that?
And they're both
just staring at me
because there was this guy
that was right next to him--
a very serious guy.
And all of a sudden, on
my email two hours later,
I'm talking to somebody that
has changed the entire course
of this whole project.
So I get on the phone with
that person that same evening,
and I go through
the same situation.
So I'm starting to walk
through what I'm trying to do
and how I plan to do it.
And this person goes,
I want you to know
I'm a skeptic on this stuff.
And I go, sir, I knew
you would say that,
but let me explain
a little bit more.
So I walk through it again,
and then the person goes,
I just gotta say
it, I'm a skeptic.
You know, it was verbatim.
>> They all do it, right?
They all did it.
>> They all do it.
But on the third time, he goes,
I swore an oath to my country.
And I said, sir, I know
you did and I'm not
asking for you to give me
classified information.
I don't deserve it.
But I think if you
understand what
I'm about to do
with this project,
you may think it
deserves your attention.
And then it goes,
I'm afraid what
you might find is a
bunch of men in suits
standing around an elephant.
And I said, I was afraid
you were going to say that,
but can you help me?
And he says, fly
out and meet me.
And that's where--
>> That's where things
get interesting.
>> This is where
things get interesting.
So I fly out.
>> I'll tell you what,
Tom, we're going to take--
>> OK, believe me,
much more happens,
but you're starting to get a
feel of how extraordinary this
is.
A couple of comments.
Throughout this entire
scenario-- and by the way,
I've got 30 or 40 more clips.
The rest of this story--
I mean, we're going
to go on for a while,
but the rest of the story
is going to be Monday night.
So if you come Monday night,
we'll go over the rest
and bring you up
right to the present.
But you needed to
hear this because this
is the beginning
of what may become
one of the most significant
processes in the history
of the human race.
One of the comments I want to
make, in the entire processes
that he went through
and all the meetings he
had, he never came
across a single woman.
There are no women
involved in these areas
and that needs to change.
It's an all-male show.
Some of the most important
decisions affecting
your lives, the nation's
lives, and even the planet
is 100% pure,
unadulterated male.
And any reasonable person
would think that's imbalanced
and it needs to change.
We're making progress,
but I assure you,
the military
intelligence complex
is not where the House
and Senate is right now.
Yes?
[AUDIO OUT]
Right.
Progress.
[AUDIO OUT]
That is big.
Absolutely.
And that's good,
but that's recent.
And he wasn't on board
when he was doing this.
No, we're making
progress, but I assure you
that if you were to drop into
the military intelligence
complex at the decision level
where wars are being made,
and invasions of countries
or interferences,
and elections and everything
else-- these decisions
being made, there's
almost no women.
OK, so now, you're
getting a sense
that he's on this mission.
Now again, most people
would be inclined to think
none of that ever happened.
It just couldn't happen.
And that business
about, I want you
to understand I'm a skeptic--
why are they saying that?
This whole business is about
them sizing up Tom DeLonge.
Could he be the guy to
front this operation?
They already knew he
was involved in UFOs.
Tom DeLonge has been involved in
UFOs since the very early '90s.
He was hooked up with Greer
for a number of years.
And they were all over
Greer like white on rice.
And so they knew he
was involved in UFOs,
so it's not like they didn't
know that of him going in,
but they don't know if this
is all going to work out,
and it's going to be, you know,
Tom, this is not working out,
but thanks for coming, and
then he goes out there.
They want him to be under the
mindset of, like, you know,
I'm a skeptic on this instead of
telling people, well, so and so
and so and so was
really into this.
And they're basically
covering themselves.
This is part of the whole
play, the whole deal.
Everybody's got to
protect themselves
from this, and that, and what
the perception, and the lie,
and this, and so forth,
and the clearance,
and the classification,
and it's quite a dance.
I don't know if it's
worth it, but it is.
And so they're sizing him
up, covering themselves.
They haven't cut a
deal with him yet,
but let's move on
a little bit more.
Now, he gets into something I
think is pretty interesting.
Let me go to this.
And again, this is
still the same interview
from March the 27th of 2016.
>> A garage band
named Chad Allen.
>> By the way, as
of March 27th, 2016,
there had been 30
democratic primaries,
and Hillary had won 20 of
them and Bernie had won 10.
So at the point that
he's talking to them,
she is still the
likely president.
She's going to be the
president of the United States.
Let's see, go here.
All righty.
>> Actually, I
should back up here.
When I got connected
to the general,
that was a big,
big breakthrough.
And before I talk
a little bit more
about how I got more trust
from these guys, what happened
was is I was up at NASA Ames.
You know, I got connected
to a very specific person,
and that person had me
fly out and meet them.
So this is where it
gets really interesting.
So I go out to a certain city.
And I land at the airport,
and I walk through security,
and I meet this person.
The person takes
me to a restaurant
that's right past security.
And I go to the back
of the restaurant.
There's nobody in that area.
And we sit at a
booth for two hours.
And while we're sitting there,
he leans across the table.
And this is the very first
words that were said to me.
It was the Cold War
and every single day,
we lived under the
threat of nuclear war.
Every single day, we
believed and really thought
in the deepest part of our
souls that nuclear war could
happen at any given moment.
And then he stops, and he goes,
and somewhere in those years--
and he looked me in the eye--
he goes, we found a life form.
And everything that we
did and every decision
that we made with
that life form was
because of the
consciousness at that time.
And I said--
>> What life form do you
think he's referring to?
Want to take a guess?
Could it be the single living
entity from the Roswell crash,
not that there weren't a
couple of other crashes?
But notice how he
phrases it-- very safe.
>> But sir, you know, when
taking into account things that
this life form has done--
for example, turning
our nuclear weapons on
and readying them for launch.
And then he interrupts me, puts
a finger in my face, and says,
there are heroes in Russia--
heroes.
And under grave risk to
himself and to his country,
they did not fire back.
And at that moment, I
realized it already started.
This new game I
was in of working
with people in, like, a dance
of words and information
was already coming.
There was no, like, small talk.
Like, we didn't just sit
down and just say, hey,
let's have a beer and let's
get to know each other.
>> So let's jump back to that.
Let's jump back to
that conversation.
It was the Cold War.
I mean, he's giving
you sort of the setting
for how the cover-up, or what
we'd call the cover-up, began.
>> Yeah, so this is very
important for people
to remember.
And this is where I'm so
excited to start chopping down
all these pathetic conspiracies
that I was involved in as well.
It was the Cold War.
He's saying that
every day, they really
thought about the
annihilation of all mankind
with these weapons that were
hundreds or thousands of times
bigger than what we
dropped on Japan.
And we had 20,000
each of those things.
And all of a sudden,
something falls on their laps
that's just extraordinary.
But even further than
that, if you really
hear what I'm saying
about the nuclear weapons,
the UFOs were turning
our weapons on
just so Russia could pick up
that we're firing our missiles
and fire theirs first.
It was a big chess game.
So these guys went
into complete secrecy
to start coming
up with a defense
system against this phenomenon.
Now, you know, I try
to tell people some--
>> OK, now, this is heavy stuff
here that I need to clarify.
This is somewhat problematic.
I've got concerns about this.
First of all, this is
independent confirmation
direct from a high-level person
within one of those agencies
of missiles being turned off.
Of course, we've
known about that.
But he states that they
were turning our missiles
on in the United States.
Now, there are no witnesses that
have come forward in the United
States about them
turning our missiles on,
so that's new information.
But what we have
plenty of witnesses
about them turning them off.
They've done it many times.
You know, it's funny
that I can just
say that and it's,
like, you know,
ETs are turning our missiles off
and just move on in a sentence.
OK.
But the only evidence that's
come forward and witnesses
about the turn on was
in the Soviet Union.
And when he said,
there are heroes
in the Soviet Union,
what he's referring
to is at least one event--
and there may have been more--
where in the Soviet Union,
they turned the missiles on.
And my thinking on this,
unless I hear otherwise,
is that they were turning
them off on our missile silos,
but over there, they were taking
a more aggressive approach.
And the Soviet
Union was considered
by most, even
independent analysts,
as being more aggressive
on the nuclear race issues
and so forth.
I mean, they were the ones
parading nuclear missiles
by the Kremlin every year
on the big platforms.
We didn't do that.
We didn't parade our nuclear
missiles and what have you.
And that they sent a stronger
message to the Soviet
and they felt they needed
to do that-- that's
my interpretation.
He's saying they sent
that same message to us.
If that's true, then this is
really a significant thing.
Now, I don't think it is.
And I think that it might
have been a play there,
but this is one of the
things that eventually, Tom
is going to have to address
in an appropriate time.
Be with you in just a second.
What happened in
the Soviet Union?
Standard day,
everything is fine.
All of a sudden, the launch
sequence begins in the silo.
I don't know how
many silos it was--
how many.
It might have been
more than one cluster.
It could have been just one.
I don't know.
And so their guys are up.
What?
They're putting calls
into the Moscow central.
Meanwhile, they
checking everything.
Basically, we're going
into launch mode,
except I'm pretty
sure if I recall,
normally that would not happen
unless an order had already
come down.
They didn't get that order, so
naturally they're calling back.
There's no order.
Meanwhile, these
launch cycles have--
there's levels of
them and it goes
to the next level, and the
next level, the next level.
These guys are running around
the missile control area going,
what are we going to do?
What are we going to do?
And they couldn't get
confirmation what the hell
was going on from Moscow.
And eventually, they realize
there's nothing we can do.
These missiles are
going to launch
and that's going to be it.
And I mean that's
going to be it.
And at the very last
cycle, it went off.
They didn't then shut
it down, and relaunch,
and do anything else.
Whether or not they
discerned that there
were ET craft hovering
overhead, I don't know.
I don't think we
got that report.
In our case, we have
plenty of reports
of the craft just sitting
right over the damn silos
when the missiles
were turned off.
And so he's saying that
that happened here.
He's implying that
they were doing stuff
to play with us to
possibly set us to war.
I don't believe
that, and so this
is one of those things
that needs to be clarified.
But I'm just trying to give
you a sense of the significance
of some of the points that are
emerging in this process that
ultimately leads the
announcement of the
To The Stars Academy.
And this is that area
where they're still
going through the feeler
process of dealing with him
and talking with him.
They have not yet
committed to the program.
So everything they say
is of a certain category.
You have to interpret it.
It may not be exactly
what it means.
But his statement about
their-- his history--
there are heroes in Moscow
is a very poignant thing.
He basically knows, yeah.
And by the way, it
happened more than once.
There was a time when
they almost launched,
not because of ETs ratcheting
up the launch sequence,
but because a
missile out of Sweden
that nobody knew was going
to be launched was heading
and it basically triggered
their defense systems.
And it was a single officer in
that base in outside of Moscow
that refused to go
ahead and launch even
though the order came through.
And then eventually,
he got back to Moscow.
They didn't put him
in prison or anything.
And he quietly led his life.
And eventually, he
was given an award.
Why do I say this?
Folks, you don't know
how close we have
come to having it all go away.
The politicians don't
want you to know that.
The journalists don't see any
ratings in talking about that.
The history of the
last 60 years is
we've been on the cutting
edge of complete annihilation.
And why does that matter?
It's because the
government we have now
is far more incompetent
than the government that
was going through that period.
It's a miracle we
get from day to day.
And I'm just not talking
about the last two years.
I'm talking about
the last 30 years.
We have got to get
control of this situation.
We have got to start
electing people
with brains who can think.
We have to stop electing corrupt
idiots, and fools, and people
that have been bought
by big corporations.
If we don't, then something like
this is going to happen again,
and they're going to
launch, and that'll be that.
Yes?
I will--
Well, I mean, there
was a Cold War.
And in the early
days, as it matured--
OK, because at one
point, they only
had about-- there was
only about 15 atom bombs.
In fact, at the point
that Kennedy was elected,
there weren't that many
bombs in existence.
There were only two
nations involved.
And Kennedy, either deliberately
or because he was misled,
misrepresented how
strong the Soviet Union
was to help him get elected.
I get that-- playing
with the circumstances.
But I assure you that the
circumstance that eventually
evolved to 86,000
nuclear weapons
in eight countries and the
near launch in about six
or seven times was
not a put-up job.
That was a Cold War that
almost blew out several times.
And overstating
this, and overstating
that, and a lot of
mistakes that were made,
it's possible had we
handled it differently,
it wouldn't have happened.
One of the great unbelievable
historic-- oh, I'm rolling now,
folks.
Forgive me, but you know,
this is a workshop, OK?
It's not a lecture.
Flukes of history is
it's July of 1947.
The Soviet Union, I
think, have not actually--
they haven't tested
their hydrogen bomb.
I'm not sure if they've
even tested their atom bomb,
but we knew that they
had them under works.
We knew they were
working on missiles,
but they didn't have any yet.
1947-- it's not that
long after World War II.
But the Soviet Union was
taking political moves,
which is what prompted in
that year, Winston Churchill
to use that classic phrase,
the Iron Curtain across Europe.
OK, so things are getting a
little tense, but believe me,
we can't blow the
world up at that point.
Now, that can happen.
And there's a crash in
Roswell of an ET craft.
And because not
everybody's been given
the emails about
all this stuff yet
because pretty much
what they didn't know
was all pretty much
departmentalized--
the really good guys
running that base
feel they had a saucer, and
by God, that's pretty cool.
Put out a press release.
And it's picked up
all over the country
and reporters are getting on
planes, and trains, and boats,
and heading straight
for Roswell immediately.
It was news across the
country, but this was '47, OK--
no internet, no
smartphones, none of that.
And they're going to go
interview every living
person in Roswell, New
Mexico, I can assure you,
and getting all
kinds of testimony
from people about what they
saw and what was going on.
And the whole thing would
have blown out right then,
but Truman acted quickly.
He got in touch with
Rainey, and said,
you must turn this
around right now.
You must immediately
change this scenario.
That goes in, Rainey orders--
I'm having a memory moment.
The Roswell guy, Marcel--
Jesse Marcel orders
him immediately come
to the Fort Worth base.
They got him to bring
some stuff with him.
They throw together
a press conference
where they bring out some
aluminum foil wrapping
some fish in Rainey's freezer,
and have him hold that up
and say this is what crashed.
It wasn't a saucer.
And this was 1947 when
the American policed
people because of World War II.
And what we did and
what we accomplished
believed what the
government said.
We believe the governor then.
People back then, if they
saw what was going on now,
they would be dumbstruck.
They would say, I
can't believe it.
What has happened?
How is it possible?
So the government says, no,
it was a weather balloon.
And people said, fine.
And the story dropped.
But what happens if
Truman is like Marshall
with the invasion of Hawaii--
was out riding his
horse that day,
and he didn't get the message,
and he didn't get to Rainey
in time, and the
press got there,
and they start
interviewing people,
and basically the
story's coming out?
They have a crash
vehicle and bodies
that are not from this Earth.
The truth embargo ends--
never even begins--
and the truth is out in 1947,
before the nuclear aspect
of the Cold War gets underway.
I believe we wouldn't
have had a Cold War.
I believe it would have
truncated it right there,
and we would have
reconfigured very quickly,
decided, wait a minute.
We now know we're not alone.
We know there's
extraterrestrials out there.
They're engaging us.
Possibilities are unlimited.
Do we want to build
toward the next war--
World War III?
Do we want to spend over the
next 20 years, $20 to $25
trillion building
vast nuclear weapons
so that we'll have a
mutual-assured destruction,
and not have a war
anymore, or whatever?
We'll just have
proxy wars, where
we'll kill millions of
people in poor countries,
but we don't have to fight
on each other's land.
No, they might not
have done that.
And so that's how close
we came to maybe avoiding
the whole damn thing.
And those trillions
of dollars might
have been spent on your
schools, your roads,
and a lot of other things.
Now but of course, these
statements that I'm telling you
now, no journalist wants to
hear because the government says
there are no
extraterrestrials, and so this
is a ludicrous statement.
It's funny how
suppressing the truth
leads to not knowing
about incredible things
because they can't be true
because certain fundamental
premises are not true.
So what we have here--
it's been a long
day for everybody--
is the beginning of an
extraordinary history
that could very well lead, maybe
within the next four or five
months--
assuming there are certain
developments in Washington DC--
to finally ending
the truth embargo.
And To The Stars
Academy with Tom
as its head backed up by members
of the military intelligence
complex have got more
things to bring out.
They're waiting
for the right time.
They've got more
gun camera footage.
They've got a lot of stuff.
And with the political
story dying away,
the entire media
will have nothing
to do except seize on this.
And later this year, we could
see some extraordinary things
happening.
And so there you got a taste
of how that history began,
but there's much
more to it than that.
[MUSIC PLAYING]